gh-issue: add page (#4836)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/gh-issue.md

> # gh-pr

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# gh issue
```

> Manage GitHub issues from the command line.
> More information: <https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_issue>.

- Print out the issue:

`gh issue view {{issue_number}}`

> - Create a new issue in the web browser:

Reviewer: I prefer to get emphasis to what the command does, and not what the user does in the browser itself.
```suggestion
- Open a browser window for create a new issue:
```

Author: Here, again, I wanted to focus more on "what user wants to do", not what technically command does

Reviewer 2: Hrm, I see your point @TheLastGimbus. I don't think it really matters either way here - I think I actually prefer @TheLastGimbus' original example. They both have merit though, since @navarroaxel's highlights the fact that a new web browser window is opened to create the issue, rather than the browser window being opened in

`gh issue create --web`

> - List 10 issues with "bug" label:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List issues with a specific label:
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List 10 issues with the `bug` label:
```

> `gh issue list -L 10 -l "bug"`

Reviewer: We prefer long argument format:
```suggestion
`gh issue list --limit {{count}} --label {{label}}`
```

Author: In here (reffering to what I wrote in a comment) - I wanted to focus on practical example "what the user might want to do", instead of boring listing what are available options - that's what `man pages` and `--help` already do :confused:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gh issue list --limit {{10}} --label "{{bug}}"`
```

> - List closed issues made by given user:

Reviewer: I think `authored` is the correct term
```suggestion
- List closed issues authored by a specific user:
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List closed issues made by a specific user:
```

> `gh issue list -s closed -A {{github_nickname}}`

Reviewer: In settings is called `username`:
```suggestion
`gh issue list --state closed --author {{username}}`
```

> - Check status of issues relevant to you, in other repo:

Reviewer: I think `display` is better:
```suggestion
- Display status of issues relevant to you, in a specific repository:
```

> `gh issue status -R {{owner/repo}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gh issue status --repo {{owner}}/{{repository}}`
```

> - Display status of issues relevant to you, in a specific repository:

Reviewer 2: We do have a convention surrounding the use of the 2nd person though (e.g. `you`, `your`), in that we avoid it if at all possible. What about this?
```suggestion
- Display the status of relevant issues in a specific repository:
```

Author: Umm, this command specifically shows *your* issues, so I would change that to at least "relevant to user" - is that ok?

Reviewer 3: Makes sense to me. 👍🏻
